# FramePayTransactionRequestBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Transaction** | [**FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction**](FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction.md) |  | 
**Config** | [**TransactionFrameConfig**](TransactionFrameConfig.md) |  | 
**Idem** | Pointer to **string** | An Idempotency key is a unique identifier for the request. **Note:**  1) This is used to prevent duplicate requests. Use the same idem key on retry attempts. 2) This should be a unique identifier for each request. 3) Recommended format is a 16-character string generated by the developer at the time of making this request.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewFramePayTransactionRequestBody

`func NewFramePayTransactionRequestBody(transaction FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction, config TransactionFrameConfig, ) *FramePayTransactionRequestBody`

NewFramePayTransactionRequestBody instantiates a new FramePayTransactionRequestBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewFramePayTransactionRequestBodyWithDefaults

`func NewFramePayTransactionRequestBodyWithDefaults() *FramePayTransactionRequestBody`

NewFramePayTransactionRequestBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new FramePayTransactionRequestBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTransaction

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetTransaction() FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction`

GetTransaction returns the Transaction field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTransactionOk

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetTransactionOk() (*FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction, bool)`

GetTransactionOk returns a tuple with the Transaction field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTransaction

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) SetTransaction(v FramePayTransactionRequestBodyTransaction)`

SetTransaction sets Transaction field to given value.


### GetConfig

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetConfig() TransactionFrameConfig`

GetConfig returns the Config field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetConfigOk

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetConfigOk() (*TransactionFrameConfig, bool)`

GetConfigOk returns a tuple with the Config field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetConfig

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) SetConfig(v TransactionFrameConfig)`

SetConfig sets Config field to given value.


### GetIdem

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetIdem() string`

GetIdem returns the Idem field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdemOk

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) GetIdemOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdemOk returns a tuple with the Idem field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIdem

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) SetIdem(v string)`

SetIdem sets Idem field to given value.

### HasIdem

`func (o *FramePayTransactionRequestBody) HasIdem() bool`

HasIdem returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


