# RegisterSignerKeyReqBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SignerUuid** | **string** | UUID of the signer. &#x60;signer_uuid&#x60; is paired with API key, can&#39;t use a &#x60;uuid&#x60; made with a different API key. | 
**Signature** | **string** | Signature generated by the custody address of the app. Signed data includes app_fid, deadline, signer&#39;s public key | 
**AppFid** | **int32** | The unique identifier of a farcaster user or app (unsigned integer) | 
**Deadline** | **int32** | unix timestamp in seconds that controls how long the signed key request is valid for. (24 hours from now is recommended) | 
**RedirectUrl** | Pointer to **string** | Url to redirect to after the signer is approved. **Note** : This should only be used when requesting a signer from a native mobile application. | [optional] 
**Sponsor** | Pointer to [**SignedKeyRequestSponsor**](SignedKeyRequestSponsor.md) |  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBody

`func NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBody(signerUuid string, signature string, appFid int32, deadline int32, ) *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody`

NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBody instantiates a new RegisterSignerKeyReqBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBodyWithDefaults

`func NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBodyWithDefaults() *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody`

NewRegisterSignerKeyReqBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new RegisterSignerKeyReqBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetSignerUuid

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSignerUuid() string`

GetSignerUuid returns the SignerUuid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignerUuidOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSignerUuidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignerUuidOk returns a tuple with the SignerUuid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignerUuid

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetSignerUuid(v string)`

SetSignerUuid sets SignerUuid field to given value.


### GetSignature

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.


### GetAppFid

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetAppFid() int32`

GetAppFid returns the AppFid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAppFidOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetAppFidOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAppFidOk returns a tuple with the AppFid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAppFid

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetAppFid(v int32)`

SetAppFid sets AppFid field to given value.


### GetDeadline

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetDeadline() int32`

GetDeadline returns the Deadline field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDeadlineOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetDeadlineOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetDeadlineOk returns a tuple with the Deadline field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDeadline

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetDeadline(v int32)`

SetDeadline sets Deadline field to given value.


### GetRedirectUrl

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetRedirectUrl() string`

GetRedirectUrl returns the RedirectUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetRedirectUrlOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetRedirectUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetRedirectUrlOk returns a tuple with the RedirectUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetRedirectUrl

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetRedirectUrl(v string)`

SetRedirectUrl sets RedirectUrl field to given value.

### HasRedirectUrl

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) HasRedirectUrl() bool`

HasRedirectUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSponsor

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSponsor() SignedKeyRequestSponsor`

GetSponsor returns the Sponsor field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSponsorOk

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) GetSponsorOk() (*SignedKeyRequestSponsor, bool)`

GetSponsorOk returns a tuple with the Sponsor field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSponsor

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) SetSponsor(v SignedKeyRequestSponsor)`

SetSponsor sets Sponsor field to given value.

### HasSponsor

`func (o *RegisterSignerKeyReqBody) HasSponsor() bool`

HasSponsor returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


