# SignedKeyRequestSponsor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Fid** | Pointer to **int32** | The unique identifier of a farcaster user (unsigned integer) | [optional] 
**Signature** | Pointer to **string** | Signature generated by the fid of the sponsor and the signature generated from signKeyRequest for the app. | [optional] 
**SponsoredByNeynar** | Pointer to **bool** | Neynar will sponsor the signer if set to true. **Note: ** If sponsor.fid and sponsor.signature are provided along with sponsored_by_neynar set to true,  the sponsor.fid and sponsor.signature will be ignored.  Neynar will sponsor the signer on behalf of the user. The developer will get charged in compute units.  | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewSignedKeyRequestSponsor

`func NewSignedKeyRequestSponsor() *SignedKeyRequestSponsor`

NewSignedKeyRequestSponsor instantiates a new SignedKeyRequestSponsor object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSignedKeyRequestSponsorWithDefaults

`func NewSignedKeyRequestSponsorWithDefaults() *SignedKeyRequestSponsor`

NewSignedKeyRequestSponsorWithDefaults instantiates a new SignedKeyRequestSponsor object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetFid

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetFid() int32`

GetFid returns the Fid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFidOk

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetFidOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetFidOk returns a tuple with the Fid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFid

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) SetFid(v int32)`

SetFid sets Fid field to given value.

### HasFid

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) HasFid() bool`

HasFid returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSignature

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetSignature() string`

GetSignature returns the Signature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSignatureOk

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetSignatureOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSignatureOk returns a tuple with the Signature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSignature

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) SetSignature(v string)`

SetSignature sets Signature field to given value.

### HasSignature

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) HasSignature() bool`

HasSignature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSponsoredByNeynar

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetSponsoredByNeynar() bool`

GetSponsoredByNeynar returns the SponsoredByNeynar field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSponsoredByNeynarOk

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) GetSponsoredByNeynarOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetSponsoredByNeynarOk returns a tuple with the SponsoredByNeynar field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSponsoredByNeynar

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) SetSponsoredByNeynar(v bool)`

SetSponsoredByNeynar sets SponsoredByNeynar field to given value.

### HasSponsoredByNeynar

`func (o *SignedKeyRequestSponsor) HasSponsoredByNeynar() bool`

HasSponsoredByNeynar returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


